README.md, before:

# Advent Of Code 2023

Learning GO and C++ by doing the [Advent Of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2023/about) 2023. I will see how far I can get!

## How to run (GO)

For the GO solutions, you can run various days and parts by running `go run main.go` in the root dir with different flags:

```
-all
    Run all days
-day int
    Day to run (between 1 and 31) (default -1)
-part int
    Part to run (1 or 2) (default -1)
-test
    Run day in test mode (input.txt -> test.txt)
```

## How to run (C++)

For the C++ solutions, you can run each day individually by going into the `day-<num>/cpp` folder and running the `.cpp` file with `g++`:

```bash
g++ day1.cpp -o output.out && ./output.out
```

## Progress

I am trying to do both GO and C++ solutions for each day, but I might not have time to do both for each day, or do them on the same day. I will try to keep the table below updated with my progress.

| Day | Title                                                                  |   Go    |   C++   |
| :-: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----: | :-----: |
|  1  | [Trebuchet?!](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  2  | [Cube Conundrum](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)                  | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  3  | [Gear Ratios](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  4  | [Scratchcards](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)                    | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  5  | [If You Give A Seed A Fertilizer](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/5) | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
|  6  | [Wait For It](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/6)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  7  | [Camel Cards](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/7)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
|  8  | [Haunted Wasteland](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/8)               | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  9  | [Mirage Maintenance](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/9)              | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
| 10  | [Pipe Maze](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/10)                      | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
| 11  | [Cosmic Expansion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNEeGCxVewc)        |         |         |
| 12  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 13  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 14  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 15  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 16  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 17  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 18  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 19  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 20  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 21  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 22  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 23  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 24  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 25  |                                                                        |         |         |

Commit message:

day 12 GO part 1 (with inspo)

README.md, after:

# Advent Of Code 2023

Learning GO and C++ by doing the [Advent Of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2023/about) 2023. I will see how far I can get!

## How to run (GO)

For the GO solutions, you can run various days and parts by running `go run main.go` in the root dir with different flags:

```
-all
    Run all days
-day int
    Day to run (between 1 and 25) (default -1)
-part int
    Part to run (1 or 2) (default -1)
-test
    Run day in test mode (input.txt -> test.txt)
```

## How to run (C++)

For the C++ solutions, you can run each day individually by going into the `day-<num>/cpp` folder and running the `.cpp` file with `g++`:

```bash
g++ day1.cpp -o output.out && ./output.out
```

## Progress

I am trying to do both GO and C++ solutions for each day, but I might not have time to do both for each day, or do them on the same day. I will try to keep the table below updated with my progress. A ⭐️ represents a fully completed part without any help, ✨ means a part with some idea help (no code) from reddit.

| Day | Title                                                                  |   Go    |   C++   |
| :-: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----: | :-----: |
|  1  | [Trebuchet?!](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/1)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  2  | [Cube Conundrum](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/2)                  | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  3  | [Gear Ratios](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/3)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  4  | [Scratchcards](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/4)                    | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  5  | [If You Give A Seed A Fertilizer](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/5) | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
|  6  | [Wait For It](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/6)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  7  | [Camel Cards](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/7)                     | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
|  8  | [Haunted Wasteland](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/8)               | ⭐️ ⭐️ | ⭐️ ⭐️ |
|  9  | [Mirage Maintenance](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/9)              | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
| 10  | [Pipe Maze](https://adventofcode.com/2023/day/10)                      | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
| 11  | [Cosmic Expansion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNEeGCxVewc)        | ⭐️ ⭐️ |         |
| 12  | [???]()                                                                | ✨ ⭐️  |         |
| 13  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 14  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 15  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 16  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 17  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 18  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 19  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 20  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 21  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 22  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 23  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 24  |                                                                        |         |         |
| 25  |                                                                        |         |         |
